hey everyone everypony ever first out
there on youtube today I'm going to be
opening up some more of those blind pots
the shelfs because this has been highly
requested that I go ahead and open up
more and so I decided to go to toys r us
in the hopes of finding some news elfs
and I went to two different toys roses
and they still have a lot of the old
ones I was lucky enough to find a few
new ones Naidu just a few I was hoping
to find more I really really really want
the Ruby one because that is my
birthstone but I know that's gonna go
i'm not going to finding it but i ended
up picking up some more of the blind pox
pots pots I can't say pots as they are
called and of course I got more than
three more and one of every color and I
was lucky enough that they are not opens
like some people have found them opened
and I did not peak so don't know if you
know the hair colors are the same if
they're all the same or just like my
other ones to see so anyways I picked
this up at toys r us for two dollars and
ninety-nine cents each and yes no 299 is
pre expensive but themselves and now
cute so but not and they are 45 and up
and this is what they look like just
pretty neat so we go ahead and open them
up and we'll see what's inside of them
and they're really easy to open up so so
far you can see what's on the top and if
you are some people you looking for a
certain color you can go ahead and cheat
and kind of move it up inside but I'm
not and I have all I don't think i have
this one no i don't i have a shelf over
there I'll I got a shelf for myself I
have this one here which I'm very bad
with names is sad um inside it does come
with like a little thing to tell you
which one you have and let's see you to
the house I have I have I have vamp
Bamboula nebula and I had the metallic
wonder she's so cute you know that rings
on I like this one okay this one's one
of my favorites I have on one pink hair
already
I don't have this one and what's cool
about them is if you want to you can
stick them on top of pencils or pens and
it's pretty neat and there's like a
little checklist of how many are in
there so if you're looking for certain
ones like I said you can kind of just
look at the hair and see when you get so
it's open my next one and see what's
inside and this one has white hair which
I don't have a white hair one yet the
only there's a couple that have white
hair so let's see I flew open and oh I
just love opening these this is really
sad I have Angela in angel la la pluie
her hair a little bit there and she's
got some really pretty wings I got ones
with wings this time that's pretty nifty
I don't have any of her yet so these are
really cute and then the third and final
one that I got in the pink see what's in
here hmm I don't know oh it's gonna
black oh awesome i don't have this me
there haha and the only one that has a
black hair is Guardi and i have just a
simple one so i got one metallic one
which is a little metallic is considered
uncommon these ones that are just plain
are common but the wings are just as
cool so I got three with wings I have
the angel and then like this darker a
nagging demon one they cute little
vampire one and they'll come fly with
wings today so cute and I finally got a
nice little shelf up that mr. berry hang
up for me I'm gonna put all myself son
once I find more if you like I can open
up more of these it's like shaking us
around like crazy um if you want to I
can go ahead and pick up some more of
these and open them up I don't mind just
leave a comment down below I'd love to
hear from you if you want me to open up
a third set of three because I don't
know what it is about three I just pick
up three of something will sometimes two
at least a pair so enemies all thank you
all for watching please comment rate and
subscribe and I'd love to hear your
thoughts if you like me to open up boys
else so remember I love you
guys so bye everyone